added location for configuration option (#1514)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/azure-native/installation-configuration.md

    $ pulumi config set azure-native:clientSecret <clientSecret> --secret
    $ pulumi config set azure-native:tenantId <tenantID>
    $ pulumi config set azure-native:subscriptionId <subscriptionId>

>     $ pulumi config set azure-native:location <locationName>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # optional default location, otherwise set in code
    $ pulumi config set azure-native:location <locationName>
```

| Option                      | Required/Optional | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|-----------------------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `environment`               | Required          | The cloud environment to use. It can also be sourced from the ARM_ENVIRONMENT environment variable. Supported values are: `public` (default), `usgovernment`, `china`.                                                                                                                                 |

> | `location`                  | Optional          | The location to use. ResourceGroups will consult this property for a default location, if one was not supplied explicitly. This must be set in either the resource or the environment vars                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `location`                  | Optional          | The location to use. ResourceGroups will consult this property for a default location, if one was not supplied explicitly when defining the resource. It can also be sourced from the ARM_LOCATION_NAME environment variable.                                      
|
```
